<!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="en-US"> <head> <meta charset="UTF-8"> <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=Edge"> <title>Technical Committee Meeting Agenda - Open Voice Network - Doc Site</title> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon"> <link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/css/just-the-docs-default.css"> <script type="text/javascript" src="/assets/js/vendor/lunr.min.js"></script> <script type="text/javascript" src="/assets/js/just-the-docs.js"></script> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"> <!-- Begin Jekyll SEO tag v2.7.1 --> <title>Technical Committee Meeting Agenda | Open Voice Network - Doc Site</title> <meta name="generator" content="Jekyll v4.2.1" /> <meta property="og:title" content="Technical Committee Meeting Agenda" /> <meta property="og:locale" content="en_US" /> <meta name="description" content="OVON published and WIP artifacts, docs, etc." /> <meta property="og:description" content="OVON published and WIP artifacts, docs, etc." /> <link rel="canonical" href="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/technical_committee_meeting_agenda.html" /> <meta property="og:url" content="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/technical_committee_meeting_agenda.html" /> <meta property="og:site_name" content="Open Voice Network - Doc Site" /> <meta name="twitter:card" content="summary" /> <meta property="twitter:title" content="Technical Committee Meeting Agenda" /> <script type="application/ld+json"> {"headline":"Technical Committee Meeting Agenda","url":"http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/technical_committee_meeting_agenda.html","publisher":{"@type":"Organization","logo":{"@type":"ImageObject","url":"http://localhost:4000/images/ovon-logo.jpg"}},"@type":"WebPage","description":"OVON published and WIP artifacts, docs, etc.","@context":"https://schema.org"}</script> <!-- End Jekyll SEO tag --> </head> <body> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" style="display: none;"> <symbol id="svg-link" viewBox="0 0 24 24"> <title>Link</title> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="feather feather-link"> <path d="M10 13a5 5 0 0 0 7.54.54l3-3a5 5 0 0 0-7.07-7.07l-1.72 1.71"></path><path d="M14 11a5 5 0 0 0-7.54-.54l-3 3a5 5 0 0 0 7.07 7.07l1.71-1.71"></path> </svg> </symbol> <symbol id="svg-search" viewBox="0 0 24 24"> <title>Search</title> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="feather feather-search"> <circle cx="11" cy="11" r="8"></circle><line x1="21" y1="21" x2="16.65" y2="16.65"></line> </svg> </symbol> <symbol id="svg-menu" viewBox="0 0 24 24"> <title>Menu</title> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="feather feather-menu"> <line x1="3" y1="12" x2="21" y2="12"></line><line x1="3" y1="6" x2="21" y2="6"></line><line x1="3" y1="18" x2="21" y2="18"></line> </svg> </symbol> <symbol id="svg-arrow-right" viewBox="0 0 24 24"> <title>Expand</title> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="feather feather-chevron-right"> <polyline points="9 18 15 12 9 6"></polyline> </svg> </symbol> <symbol id="svg-doc" viewBox="0 0 24 24"> <title>Document</title> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="feather feather-file"> <path d="M13 2H6a2 2 0 0 0-2 2v16a2 2 0 0 0 2 2h12a2 2 0 0 0 2-2V9z"></path><polyline points="13 2 13 9 20 9"></polyline> </svg> </symbol> </svg> <div class="side-bar"> <div class="site-header"> <a href="http://localhost:4000/" class="site-title lh-tight"> <div class="site-logo"></div> </a> <a href="#" id="menu-button" class="site-button"> <svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" class="icon"><use xlink:href="#svg-menu"></use></svg> </a> </div> <nav role="navigation" aria-label="Main" id="site-nav" class="site-nav"> <ul class="nav-list"><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="http://localhost:4000/" class="nav-list-link">Home</a></li><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/" class="nav-list-link">OVON</a><ul class="nav-list "><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/technical-master-plan/" class="nav-list-link">Technical Master Plan</a><ul class="nav-list"></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/Architecture-Plan.html" class="nav-list-link">Architecture Plan</a></li><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/papers/" class="nav-list-link">Papers</a><ul class="nav-list"></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/vocabulary.html" class="nav-list-link">Vocabulary</a></li><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/ovon/way-of-working.html" class="nav-list-link">Way of Working</a></li></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item active"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/" class="nav-list-link">Technical Committee</a><ul class="nav-list "><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/technical-committee-meeting-notes.html" class="nav-list-link">Meeting Notes</a></li><li class="nav-list-item active"><a href="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/technical_committee_meeting_agenda.html" class="nav-list-link active">Technical Committee Meeting Agenda</a></li></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/arch-wg/" class="nav-list-link">Architecture Working Group</a><ul class="nav-list "><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/arch-wg/voice_architecture_patterns.html" class="nav-list-link">Voice Architecture Patterns</a></li></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/ps-wg/" class="nav-list-link">Privacy & Security Working Group</a><ul class="nav-list "></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/vrs-wg/" class="nav-list-link">VRS Working Group</a><ul class="nav-list "><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/vrs-wg/voice_registry_system_readme.html" class="nav-list-link">Voice Registry System (VRS) ReadMe</a></li></ul></li><li class="nav-list-item"><a href="#" class="nav-list-expander"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24"><use xlink:href="#svg-arrow-right"></use></svg></a><a href="http://localhost:4000/case-studies/" class="nav-list-link">Case Studies</a><ul class="nav-list "><li class="nav-list-item "><a href="http://localhost:4000/case-studies/Suzanne%20Case%20Study.html" class="nav-list-link">Case Study - Suzanne</a></li></ul></li></ul> </nav> <footer class="site-footer"> This site uses <a href="https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs">Just the Docs</a>, a documentation theme for Jekyll. </footer> </div> <div class="main" id="top"> <div id="main-header" class="main-header"> <div class="search"> <div class="search-input-wrap"> <input type="text" id="search-input" class="search-input" tabindex="0" placeholder="Search Open Voice Network - Doc Site" aria-label="Search Open Voice Network - Doc Site" autocomplete="off"> <label for="search-input" class="search-label"><svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" class="search-icon"><use xlink:href="#svg-search"></use></svg></label> </div> <div id="search-results" class="search-results"></div> </div> <nav aria-label="Auxiliary" class="aux-nav"> <ul class="aux-nav-list"> <li class="aux-nav-list-item"> <a href="//github.com/open-voice-network/docs" class="site-button" > OVON Docs on GitHub </a> </li> </ul> </nav> </div> <div id="main-content-wrap" class="main-content-wrap"> <nav aria-label="Breadcrumb" class="breadcrumb-nav"> <ol class="breadcrumb-nav-list"> <li class="breadcrumb-nav-list-item"><a href="http://localhost:4000/technical-committee/">Technical Committee</a></li> <li class="breadcrumb-nav-list-item"><span>Technical Committee Meeting Agenda</span></li> </ol> </nav> <div id="main-content" class="main-content" role="main"> <h1 id="2020-04-03"> <a href="#2020-04-03" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-04-03"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-04-03 </h1> <ul> <li>Review agenda - Dan - 5 mins</li> <li>Antitrust compliance - Scott Nicholas - 5 mins</li> <li>Launching the technical committee: tools, processes, meeting cadence - Dan Cundiff - 15 mins</li> <li>Introducing the Technical Masterplan artifact - Dan Cundiff - 15 mins</li> <li>Terms deserving of MECE definition - team - 15 mins</li> <li>Need for an OVN “terms Tsar” and request for volunteers - team - 5 mins</li> <li>Introducing the idea of projects - team - 5 mins</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-04-17"> <a href="#2020-04-17" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-04-17"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-04-17 </h1> <ul> <li>Review Linux Foundation Project Charter - Scott Nicholas - 5 mins</li> <li>Final v1 review of vocabulary - Maria - 10 mins</li> <li>Review Masterplan - Dan and Maria - 1 hour</li> <li>Projects to focus on roundtable (be prepared to describe your three highest priority projects) - Dan - remaining time</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-05-01"> <a href="#2020-05-01" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-05-01"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-05-01 </h1> <ul> <li>CANCELLED</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-05-14"> <a href="#2020-05-14" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-05-14"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-05-14 </h1> <ul> <li>Definition of “Project” - Scott Nicholas - 5 mins</li> <li>Update on communities and their role - Jon Stine - 5 mins</li> <li>Discuss and check peoples access to tools - team - 10 mins</li> <li>Call for another round of review to the Technical Masterplan - Dan Cundiff - 10 mins</li> <li>Top 3 working groups to focus on first - Dan Cundiff - 15 mins</li> <li>Feedback - team - 10 mins</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-05-29"> <a href="#2020-05-29" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-05-29"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-05-29 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement - Jon Stine - 1 mins</li> <li>Introduction - Ways of Working document on Git - Jon Stine - 5 mins</li> <li>Follow-up from 2020-05-14 meeting - outstanding issues - Dan Cundiff or Kristi Dank - 10 mins</li> <li>Follow-up if everyone got the chance to review the Masterplan</li> <li>Review 1.0 proposed list of Tech Comm development projects - Jim</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-06-10"> <a href="#2020-06-10" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-06-10"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-06-10 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement – Jon Stine - 1 min</li> <li>Organizational updates and introductions/questions - Jon Stine - 10 mins</li> <li>Website development work and volunteers - Dan Cundiff - 10 mins</li> <li>Forming, running, operating working groups for activities - 20 mins</li> <li>Follow-up from 2020-05-29 meeting - outstanding issues - Dan Cundiff or Kristi Dank - 10 mins</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-06-26"> <a href="#2020-06-26" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-06-26"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-06-26 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording - Jon Stine - 1 min</li> <li>Follow-up: GitHub training and on-boarding meeting recordings - links via Slack - Jon Stine - 3 minutes</li> <li>Follow-up: review Technical Committee and Developer Community inputs into proposed activities list: foundationalexploratory, etc. - Dan Cundiff</li> <li>Action: determination of initial prioritized activities - Dan Cundiff</li> <li>Action: determination of working group participants and leaders - Dan Cundiff, Jon Stine</li> <li>Summation of decisions - Kristi Dank</li> <li>Review of meeting processes, question, comments - Dan Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-07-10"> <a href="#2020-07-10" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-07-10"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-07-10 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording - Jon Stine - 1 min</li> <li>Ethical use update - Jon Stine - 5 mins</li> <li>Google question - Jon Stine - 10 mins</li> <li>Update on progress from working groups - Dan Cundiff + chairs of working groups</li> <li>Feedback loop: working group ways of working improvements - Dan Cundiff</li> <li>Request to go over the details of the Technical Masterplan - Dan Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-07-24"> <a href="#2020-07-24" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-07-24"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-07-24 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda and expectations for the meeting (1 minute) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Open Voice Network: update from Steering Committee (2 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>First look at Tech Comm milestones; a working draft (3 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group: decisions and next steps (15 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group: decisions and next steps (10 minutes) – J. Iwasz</li> <li>Update from Architecture Work Group: a review of this past Tuesday’s discussion (40 minutes) – D. Cundiff, D. Attwater, J. Eisenzopf, J. Larson, et. al.</li> <li>Update: Designer-Strategist Community – enterprise use cases (5 minutes) - J. Stine</li> <li>Request: review of the proposed “North Star” aspirational statement, now on GitHub (5 minutes): – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-08-07"> <a href="#2020-08-07" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-08-07"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-08-07 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN Update: challenges, updates – (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group: discussions, direction, next steps (20 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group: discussions, directions, next steps (20 minutes) – J. Iwasz</li> <li>Proposal and Discussion: launch of a Voice Registry System Work Group (10 minutes) – J. Larson, M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Update: “North Star” aspirational statement – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-08-21"> <a href="#2020-08-21" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-08-21"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-08-21 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN Update: membership update, milestones – (10 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group: discussions, direction, next steps (20 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group: discussions, directions, next steps (20 minutes) – J. Iwasz</li> <li>Proposal and Discussion: discussions, directions, next steps – J. Larson, M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Update: “North Star” aspirational statement – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-09-4"> <a href="#2020-09-4" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-09-4"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-09-4 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN Update: membership update, milestones – (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>OVN North Star / Scope: proposed summary statement. A follow-up from the 2020.08.21 conversation – (15 minutes) – J. Stine, et.al</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group: discussions, direction, next steps (15 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group: discussions, directions, next steps (15 minutes) – J. Iwasz</li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group: discussions, directions, next steps (15 minutes)– M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-09-18"> <a href="#2020-09-18" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-09-18"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-09-18 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN Update: membership update, communications (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>How all this could fit together: roadmap, milestones, next steps (10 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group (15 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group (15 minutes) - J. Larson</li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group (15 minutes) - M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-10-02"> <a href="#2020-10-02" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-10-02"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-10-02 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN Positioning: market transitions, future of voice assistance (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Milestone review-reminders (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group (10 minutes) - M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group (10 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group (10 minutes) - J. Larson</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-10-16"> <a href="#2020-10-16" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-10-16"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-10-16 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN organizational update: sponsorship, participation, messaging (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Milestone review-reminders (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Requests/recommendations from OVN Communities (5 minutes) –</li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group (10 minutes) - M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Report from the Privacy-Security Work Group (10 minutes) – M. Frazzini</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group (10 minutes) - J. Larson</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-10-30"> <a href="#2020-10-30" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-10-30"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-10-30 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Milestone review-reminders (1 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Report and Recommendations from the Privacy-Security Work Group (30 minutes) – M. Frazzini, M. Lens-Fitzgerald <ul> <li>Overview of problem statement, process/methodology/references (2 minutes)</li> <li>Key Findings (10 minutes)</li> <li>Recommendations for Action-Adoption (10 minutes)</li> <li>Questions, Discussion, Roundtable (10 minutes)</li> </ul> </li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group (5 minutes) - M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group (5 minutes) - J. Larson</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-11-13"> <a href="#2020-11-13" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-11-13"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-11-13 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Review of Work Group process, preview of 2020.11.20 meeting – J. Stine (1 minute)</li> <li>Follow-up: Next steps and recommendations, Privacy Team within Privacy-Security Work Group (5 minutes) – M. Frazzini, O. Coleman</li> <li>Report and Recommendations from the Security Team within the Privacy-Security Work Group (30 minutes) – M. Lens-Fitzgerald <ul> <li>Overview of problem statement, process/methodology/references (2 minutes)</li> <li>Key Findings (10 minutes)</li> <li>Recommendations for Action-Adoption (10 minutes)</li> <li>Questions, Discussion, Roundtable (10 minutes)</li> </ul> </li> <li>Report from the VRS Work Group (5 minutes) - M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Report from the Architecture Work Group (5 minutes) - J. Larson</li> <li>Review of actions, next steps (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-11-20"> <a href="#2020-11-20" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-11-20"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-11-20 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – J. Stine</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Review of Work Group processes: ways of working, vocabulary review, Technical Charter – J. Stine (5 minutes)</li> <li>Follow-up: Next steps and recommendations, Security Team within Privacy-Security Work Group (5 minutes) – M. Lens-Fitzgerald</li> <li>Report and Recommendations from the Voice Registry System Work Group (30 minutes) – M. Brinas-Dobrowski <ul> <li>Overview of problem statement, process/methodology/references (2 minutes)</li> <li>Key Findings (10 minutes)</li> <li>Recommendations for Action-Adoption (10 minutes)</li> <li>Technical Committee Feedback: Questions, Discussion, Recommendations for Next Steps (10 minutes)</li> </ul> </li> <li>Report and Recommendations from the Architecture Work Group (30 minutes) – J. Larson <ul> <li>Overview of problem statement, process/methodology/references (2 minutes)</li> <li>Key Findings (10 minutes)</li> <li>Recommendations for Action-Adoption (10 minutes)</li> <li>Technical Committee Feedback: Questions, Discussion, Recommendations for Next Steps (10 minutes)</li> </ul> </li> <li>Summation Discussion: Next Steps (10 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Calendar Moving Forward (5 minutes) – J. Stine</li> </ul> <h1 id="2020-12-11"> <a href="#2020-12-11" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2020-12-11"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2020-12-11 </h1> <h1 id="the-2020-review-the-2021-view"> <a href="#the-2020-review-the-2021-view" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="the-2020-review-the-2021-view"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> The 2020 Review; the 2021 View </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute) – O. Coleman</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>The YE 2020 Report <ul> <li>Where we stand year-end; expectations and goals for 2021 (D. Cundiff)</li> <li>Perspectives from the 2020.12.07 Steering Committee meeting (D. Cundiff)</li> </ul> </li> <li>Next Steps Report (5-minutes each): <ul> <li>VRS Work Group</li> <li>Privacy work-stream within the Privacy &amp; Security Work Group</li> <li>Security work-stream within the Privacy &amp; Security Work Group</li> <li>Architecture Work Group</li> <li>Vocabulary Reconciliation Task Force</li> </ul> </li> <li>Organizational Review (5 minutes): J. Stine</li> <li>2021 Calendar and Planning (J. Stine)</li> <li>Summation (D. Cundiff)</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-01-08"> <a href="#2021-01-08" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-01-08"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-01-08 </h1> <h1 id="planning-2021"> <a href="#planning-2021" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="planning-2021"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> Planning 2021 </h1> <ul> <li>Antritrust statement and notice of recording (1 minutes)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose of and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – J. Stine</li> <li>Open Items/Issues to Review? – J. Stine</li> <li>2021 Current State and Plan – expectations overall – available resources for Tech Comm investment – Plans by Work Group</li> <li>Open Items, questions, comments, criticisms</li> <li>Summation and Next Steps – J. Stine</li> <li></li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-01-22"> <a href="#2021-01-22" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-01-22"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-01-22 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2-minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Plan 2021 Overview, OVN – J. Stine</li> <li>Plan 2021: OVN Process</li> <li>Plan 2021, Technical Committee: thoughts and observations – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Plan 2021, by Tech Comm Work Group: – introduction to POR development process – O. Coleman – Plan 2021 Work Group intersections: <em>where will your WG need others?</em> - VRS: M. Brinas-Dobrowski - Architecture: J. Larson - Privacy-Security: M. Frazzini, M. Lens-Fitzgerald, N. Myers</li> <li>Summation and Next Steps</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-02-5"> <a href="#2021-02-5" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-02-5"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-02-5 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2-minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Proposed Change: Technical Committee Agenda going forward</li> <li>Reminder: Q1 Milestones</li> <li>Progress Reports by Tech Comm Work Group: - VRS: M. Brinas-Dobrowski - Architecture-Components: J. Larson - Privacy-Security: M. Frazzini, M. Lens-Fitzgerald, N. Myers</li> <li>Summation and Next Steps</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-02-19"> <a href="#2021-02-19" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-02-19"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-02-19 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Reminder: Work Group Deep Dives begin 5 March</li> <li>Quarterly milestones review (10 minutes) <ul> <li>Q1 milestones: Green-yellow-red report</li> <li>In order: VRS, Architecture, Privacy and Security</li> </ul> </li> <li>News and New Items – Trends, thought-provokers, core questions (10 minutes)</li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-03-05"> <a href="#2021-03-05" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-03-05"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-03-05 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Quarterly milestones review (10 minutes) <ul> <li>Q1 milestones: Green-yellow-red report</li> <li>In order: VRS, Architecture, Privacy and Security</li> </ul> </li> <li>2021.03.05 DEEP DIVE: Privacy, of the Privacy &amp; Security Work Group (M. Frazzini) <ul> <li><em>reminder of “Deep Dive” schedule: 19 March – VRS; 2 April – Security; 16 April – Architecture</em></li> </ul> </li> <li>News and New Items – Trends, thought-provokers, core questions (10 minutes)</li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-03-19"> <a href="#2021-03-19" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-03-19"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-03-19 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Update: the OVN and the European Data Protection Board Version 1.0 on Virtual Voice Assistants (5 minutes) – J. Stine, O. Coleman</li> <li>Quarterly milestones review (5 minutes) <ul> <li>Q1 milestones: Green-yellow-red report</li> <li>In order: VRS, Architecture, Privacy and Security</li> </ul> </li> <li>2021.03.05 DEEP DIVE: Voice Registry System (VRS) – M. Brinas-Dobrowski <ul> <li><em>reminder of “Deep Dive” schedule: 2 April – Security; 16 April – Architecture</em></li> </ul> </li> <li>News and New Items – Trends, thought-provokers, core questions (10 minutes)</li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-04-02"> <a href="#2021-04-02" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-04-02"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-04-02 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Q2 Milestones (5 minutes)</li> <li> <ul> <li>thoughts on our progress – Jon</li> <li>Q2 milestones: In order: VRS, Architecture, Privacy and Security</li> </ul> </li> <li>2021.03.05 DEEP DIVE: Security – M. Lens-Fitzgerald <ul> <li><em>reminder of “Deep Dive” schedule: 16 April – Architecture</em></li> </ul> </li> <li>News and New Items – Trends, thought-provokers, core questions (10 minutes)</li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-04-16"> <a href="#2021-04-16" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-04-16"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-04-16 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda, purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Ways of working: OVN programming language; hosting OVN POC’s – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN vocabulary: key words, phrases (5 minutes)</li> <li>Q2 Milestones – to be identified in Git as of 30 April (5 minutes)</li> <li>2021.04.16 DEEP DIVE: Architecture – J. Larson (30 minutes)</li> <li>News and New Items – Trends, thought-provokers, core questions (10 minutes)</li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-04-30"> <a href="#2021-04-30" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-04-30"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-04-30 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda; purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Outstanding issue: OVN programming language (15 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>issue recap – bringing all parties to a common understanding – D. Cundiff</li> <li>expression of opinions and proposals for adoption</li> <li>OVN vocabulary: key words, phrases (5 minutes) - O. Coleman</li> <li>Updates (5 minutes)</li> <li>Open Voice Network EDPB response: – O. Coleman</li> <li>Open Voice Network Voice Agent Interoperability Workshop – J. Larson</li> <li>Continuation from last Technical Committee meeting: Architecture Work Group (20 minutes) – J. Larson, D. Attwater, D. Dahl</li> <li>Deep Dive into three scenarios: the identification and documentation of requirements - process to date and examples</li> <li>Outstanding items, news, and events of note</li> <li>Adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-05-14"> <a href="#2021-05-14" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-05-14"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-05-14 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda; purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>OVN News – J. Stine</li> <li>OVN vocabulary: key words, phrases (5 minutes) - J. Stine</li> <li>IP Licensing: next steps for OVN Technical Committee Work Groups (10 minutes) – J. Stine, D. Cundiff</li> <li>Review of 2021 Tech Comm deliverables, and progress to date (20 minutes) – M. Lens-Fitzgerald, O. Coleman, J. Larson, S. Prayaga, M. Brinas-Dobrowski</li> <li>Outstanding items, news, and events of note</li> <li>Adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-05-28"> <a href="#2021-05-28" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-05-28"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-05-28 </h1> <p>No meeting.</p> <h1 id="2021-06-11"> <a href="#2021-06-11" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-06-11"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-06-11 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda; purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Open Voice Network News – J. Stine</li> <li>Open Voice Network vocabulary: key words, phrases (5 minutes) - J. Stine</li> <li>Open Voice Network R&amp;D Investment first thoughts: _to accomplish this deliverable in 2021, we will probably need <strong>__</strong>__</li> <li>Privacy and Security Work Group</li> <li>Architecture Work Group</li> <li>Voice Registry System Work Group</li> <li>Voice Agent Interoperability Workshop 15-17 June – Workshop Program Committee</li> <li>Agenda/program/speakers</li> <li>Adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-06-25"> <a href="#2021-06-25" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-06-25"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-06-25 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording (1 minute)</li> <li>Review of the agenda; purpose and expectations for the meeting (2 minutes) – D. Cundiff</li> <li>Open Voice Network News – J. Stine</li> <li>Open Voice Network Voice Agent Interoperability Workshop: lessons learned, next steps</li> <li>Mid-Year Review: Deliverables, Opportunities</li> <li>Open Voice Network R&amp;D Investment first thoughts: _to accomplish these deliverables in 2021, we will probably need <strong>__</strong>__</li> <li>Privacy and Security Work Group</li> <li>Architecture Work Group</li> <li>Voice Registry System Work Group</li> <li>Adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-08-20"> <a href="#2021-08-20" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-08-20"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-08-20 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording</li> <li>Review of the agenda, expectations for the meeting</li> <li>Open Voice Network news</li> <li>OVON Technical Committee moving forward <ul> <li>Recommend monthly meetings</li> <li>Confirm central functions of the Technical Committee <ul> <li>Ways of working: tools, processes, vocabulary (code-owner per GitHub per Work Group)</li> <li>Strategic direction: areas of resource investment (time, personnel, monies)</li> <li>Deliverables: confirmation and review</li> <li>Master Plan: development, review, final decisions</li> </ul> </li> </ul> </li> <li>New Technical Committee chair to be nominated</li> <li>Technical Committee Work Group updates <ul> <li>Most important achievement / milestone between now and EOM September</li> <li>Most important achievement / milestone between now and EOM October</li> <li>R&amp;D investment update – due EOM August</li> </ul> </li> <li>Open item discussion / news / adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-09-17"> <a href="#2021-09-17" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-09-17"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-09-17 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording</li> <li>Review of the agenda, expectations for the meeting</li> <li>Community Specifications License – Scott Nicholas, Linux Foundation</li> <li>Ways of working: new technical committee chair; process, personnel</li> <li>OVON R&amp;D investment: as proposed to the Steering Committee</li> <li>OVON opportunities for collaboration: adopt, adapt, partner</li> <li>Technical Committee Work Group updates: recent actions, achievement of milestones <ul> <li>Architecture</li> <li>Privacy and Security</li> <li>VRS</li> </ul> </li> <li>Open item discussion / news / adjournment</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-10-15"> <a href="#2021-10-15" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-10-15"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-10-15 </h1> <ul> <li>Antitrust statement and notice of recording</li> <li>Review of the agenda, expectations for the meeting</li> <li>Introductions: Christian Wuttke, John Trammell</li> <li>Open Voice Network news</li> <li>Updates: <ul> <li>Sponsor and participant recruitment</li> <li>Program Management</li> <li>Hiring</li> </ul> </li> <li>New Technical Committee chair to be nominated</li> <li>Technical Committee Work Group updates <ul> <li>Current work, relevance to other Work Groups</li> <li>Performance vs. Git-documented milestones</li> <li>Open item discussion / news / adjournment</li> </ul> </li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-11-19"> <a href="#2021-11-19" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-11-19"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-11-19 </h1> <ul> <li>Notice of recording, antitrust policy statement</li> <li>Review of the agenda, expectations for the meeting – Christian Wuttke</li> <li>Quick Updates – Jon Stine <ul> <li>Potential collaboration partners: Stanford</li> <li>Meeting management / responsibilities</li> </ul> </li> <li>Work Group reports (Architecture, Privacy &amp; Security, VRS) <ul> <li>Hiring</li> <li>What we will accomplish by year-end 2021</li> </ul> </li> <li>2021 in Review / 2022 in Focus <ul> <li>2021 in Review – areas for improvement: three things (overall, and in our Work Groups) we could- /should have done better</li> <li>2022 in Focus: three things we must accomplish</li> </ul> </li> <li>Adjourn</li> </ul> <h1 id="2021-12-17"> <a href="#2021-12-17" class="anchor-heading" aria-labelledby="2021-12-17"><svg viewBox="0 0 16 16" aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#svg-link"></use></svg></a> 2021-12-17 </h1> <p><strong>Invocation, reading of the LF Antitrust Guidance</strong> <strong>Ways of Working:</strong></p> <ul> <li>when GitHub, when Google, and why</li> <li>Deliverables and Milestone management</li> <li>cleaning up the OVON GitHub repository <strong>The Master Plan:</strong></li> <li>LF expectations for transparency, visibility <ul> <li>public-facing documents: GitHub (in .md) and OVON.org (Word or Google docs, pdf)</li> </ul> </li> <li>a Master Plan, or a Master Plan and multiple sub-plans?</li> <li>J. Trammell review and assessment <strong>Plan 2022:</strong></li> <li>Observations from Steering Committee members</li> <li>the “headline” for the Technical Committee at YE 2022</li> <li>top-down proposed 2022 objectives</li> <li>top-down proposed 2022 Q1 milestones <strong>Adjourn</strong></li> </ul> <hr> <footer> <p class="text-small text-grey-dk-100 mb-0">Copyright &copy; Open Voice Network 2017-2022</p> </footer> </div> </div> <div class="search-overlay"></div> </div> </body> </html>
