## Open Voice Network Technical Committee Privacy & Security Working Group
### 2020.07.14 Notes of the Meeting
The meeting was called to order at 9:02 a.m. CDT (US)
Participating:  M. Frazzini (Moderator), N. Myers, J. Iwasz, J. Larson, L. Lin, M. Brinas-Dobrowski, J. Maas, V. Tai, N. Sharif, P. Bentsen, J. Stine.
- J. Stine noted that the meeting would be executed in accord with the expectations of the OVN and Linux Foundation:  1) recorded 2) on-time, 3) according to the antitrust guidelines of The Linux Foundation, and 4) with the meeting recording maintained in the OVN Share Drive, and notes stored on GitHub.
- Work Group Moderator:  M. Frazzini nominated, voted, and accepted Moderator role.  Work Group moderator responsible for advancing the Work Group toward its goals through the management of discussions, raising of questions, management of content.  
- J. Stine spoke to his role in helping the Moderator guide-push the Work Group toward its goal.  Presented slide that spoke to Work Group milestones, and 1.0 example definitions (for privacy) of a north-star vision of the future, the problem statement as unique to voice, aspirational requirements for privacy, and the technical capabilities that will enable aspirational requirements.  M. Brinas-Dowbrowski urged that document development be driven through GitHub; agreement by J. Stine to create working document in GitHub.
### Discussion of potential requirements topics -- unique to voice
- J. Larson noted centrality of the "always-listening" nature of voice assistance, as brought forward in prior discussions by N. Myer.  Spoke to issues of user management of conversational recordings/data, importance of potential access control guidelines.
- M. Frazzini spoke to importance of aware/transparent consent as a central topic.  Noted the presence of a "recording" light on video recording, but absence of such for voice.
- N. Myers noted value of IVR-like verbal announcement that conversations would be recorded
- J. Stine spoke to issue of consent, the work of Richie Etwaru, NRF, and the importance of a continuum of consent -- consent not a binary decision.  As users, we trust some connections more than others, and we will want to share more or less data according to levels of trust.  A sliding scale of consent and trust.
- J. Larson spoke to the possibility of a sliding scale/continuum for several capabilities -- consent, access control
- J. Iwasz noted potential value of recently-published paper on "Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs)" at https://www.w3.org/TR/2020/WD-did-core-20200714/.
- M. Frazzini offered intial summarization of high-level goals and principles:  _Consent_ (of which awareness is a part), _Ownership_ (of which control and sharing are parts), _Use_ (of which control and sharing are parts), and _Control_.  
- M. Frazzini also spoke to the importance of the issue of identity.  Will be a critical issue within the anticipated Voice Registry work.  
- M. Frazzini recommended that the Work Group focus first on the issue of privacy.
Notes by J. Stine 2020.07.14. 
